docs/crypto.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## checkAddress

Check the validity of a tezos implicit address (tz1...)

### Parameters

-   `address` **[string][1]** The address to check

Returns **[boolean][2]** Whether address is valid or not

## extractKeys

Extract key pairs from a secret key

### Parameters

-   `sk` **[string][1]** The secret key to extract key pairs from
-   `password` **[string][1]?** The password used to encrypt the sk (optional, default `''`)

### Examples

```javascript
crypto.extractKeys('edskRqAF8s2MKKqRMxq53CYYLMnrqvokMyrtmPRFd5H9osc4bFmqKBY119jiiqKQMti2frLAoKGgZSQN3Lc3ybf5sgPUy38e5A')
  .then(({ sk, pk, pkh }) => console.log(sk, pk, pkh));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The extracted key pairs

## generateKeys

Generate a new key pair given a mnemonic and passphrase

### Parameters

-   `mnemonic` **[string][1]** The mnemonic seed
-   `passphrase` **[string][1]** The passphrase used to encrypt the seed

### Examples

```javascript
crypto.generateKeys('raw peace visual boil prefer rebel anchor right elegant side gossip enroll force salmon between', 'my_password_123')
  .then(({ mnemonic, passphrase, sk, pk, pkh }) => console.log(mnemonic, passphrase, sk, pk, pkh));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The generated key pair

## generateMnemonic

Generate a mnemonic

Returns **[string][1]** The generated mnemonic

## sign

Sign bytes

### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[string][1]** The bytes to sign
-   `sk` **[string][1]** The secret key to sign the bytes with
-   `wm` **[Object][4]** The watermark bytes
-   `password` **[string][1]?** The password used to encrypt the sk (optional, default `''`)

### Examples

```javascript
import { watermark } from 'sotez';

crypto.sign(opbytes, keys.sk, watermark.generic)
  .then(({ bytes, sig, edsig, sbytes }) => console.log(bytes, sig, edsig, sbytes));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The signed bytes

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

Commit message:

Add verify for all curves, Update dependencies

docs/crypto.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## checkAddress

Check the validity of a tezos implicit address (tz1...)

### Parameters

-   `address` **[string][1]** The address to check

Returns **[boolean][2]** Whether address is valid or not

## extractKeys

Extract key pairs from a secret key

### Parameters

-   `sk` **[string][1]** The secret key to extract key pairs from
-   `password` **[string][1]?** The password used to encrypt the sk (optional, default `''`)

### Examples

```javascript
crypto.extractKeys('edskRqAF8s2MKKqRMxq53CYYLMnrqvokMyrtmPRFd5H9osc4bFmqKBY119jiiqKQMti2frLAoKGgZSQN3Lc3ybf5sgPUy38e5A')
  .then(({ sk, pk, pkh }) => console.log(sk, pk, pkh));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The extracted key pairs

## generateKeys

Generate a new key pair given a mnemonic and passphrase

### Parameters

-   `mnemonic` **[string][1]** The mnemonic seed
-   `passphrase` **[string][1]** The passphrase used to encrypt the seed

### Examples

```javascript
crypto.generateKeys('raw peace visual boil prefer rebel anchor right elegant side gossip enroll force salmon between', 'my_password_123')
  .then(({ mnemonic, passphrase, sk, pk, pkh }) => console.log(mnemonic, passphrase, sk, pk, pkh));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The generated key pair

## generateMnemonic

Generate a mnemonic

Returns **[string][1]** The generated mnemonic

## sign

Sign bytes

### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[string][1]** The bytes to sign
-   `sk` **[string][1]** The secret key to sign the bytes with
-   `wm` **[Object][4]** The watermark bytes
-   `password` **[string][1]?** The password used to encrypt the sk (optional, default `''`)

### Examples

```javascript
import { watermark } from 'sotez';

crypto.sign(opbytes, keys.sk, watermark.generic)
  .then(({ bytes, sig, edsig, sbytes }) => console.log(bytes, sig, edsig, sbytes));
```

Returns **[Promise][3]** The signed bytes

## verify

Verify signed bytes

### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[String][1]** The signed bytes
-   `sig` **[String][1]** The signature of the signed bytes
-   `pk` **[String][1]** The public key

Returns **[Boolean][2]** Whether the signed bytes are valid

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
