docs/key.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Key

Creates a key object from a base58 encoded key.

### Parameters

-   `KeyConstructor` **[Object][1]** 
    -   `KeyConstructor.key` **[string][2]?** A public or secret key in base58 encoding, or a 15 word bip39 english mnemonic string. Not
          providing a key will import a ledger public key.
    -   `KeyConstructor.passphrase` **[string][2]?** The passphrase used if the key provided is an encrypted private key or a fundraiser key
    -   `KeyConstructor.email` **[string][2]?** Email used if a fundraiser key is passed
    -   `KeyConstructor.ledgerPath` **[string][2]** Ledger derivation path (optional, default `"44'/1729'/0'/0'"`)
    -   `KeyConstructor.ledgerCurve` **[number][3]** Ledger curve (optional, default `0x00`)

### Examples

```javascript
const key = new Key({ key: 'edskRv6ZnkLQMVustbYHFPNsABu1Js6pEEWyMUFJQTqEZjVCU2WHh8ckcc7YA4uBzPiJjZCsv3pC1NDdV99AnyLzPjSip4uC3y' });
await key.ready;

const key = new Key({ ledgerPath: "44'/1729'/0'/1'" });
await key.ready;
```

### publicKey

Returns the public key

Returns **[string][2]** The public key associated with the private key

### publicKeyHash

Returns public key hash for this key

Returns **[string][2]** The public key hash for this key

### secretKey

Returns the secret key

Returns **[string][2]** The secret key associated with this key, if available

### sign

Sign a raw sequence of bytes

#### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[string][2]** Sequence of bytes, raw format or hexadecimal notation
-   `watermark` **[Uint8Array][4]** The watermark bytes

Returns **[Promise][5]** The signature object

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

Commit message:

Add verify for all curves, Update dependencies

docs/key.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Key

Creates a key object from a base58 encoded key.

### Parameters

-   `KeyConstructor` **[Object][1]** 
    -   `KeyConstructor.key` **[string][2]?** A public or secret key in base58 encoding, or a 15 word bip39 english mnemonic string. Not
          providing a key will import a ledger public key.
    -   `KeyConstructor.passphrase` **[string][2]?** The passphrase used if the key provided is an encrypted private key or a fundraiser key
    -   `KeyConstructor.email` **[string][2]?** Email used if a fundraiser key is passed
    -   `KeyConstructor.ledgerPath` **[string][2]** Ledger derivation path (optional, default `"44'/1729'/0'/0'"`)
    -   `KeyConstructor.ledgerCurve` **[number][3]** Ledger curve (optional, default `0x00`)

### Examples

```javascript
const key = new Key({ key: 'edskRv6ZnkLQMVustbYHFPNsABu1Js6pEEWyMUFJQTqEZjVCU2WHh8ckcc7YA4uBzPiJjZCsv3pC1NDdV99AnyLzPjSip4uC3y' });
await key.ready;

const key = new Key({ ledgerPath: "44'/1729'/0'/1'" });
await key.ready;
```

### publicKey

Returns the public key

Returns **[string][2]** The public key associated with the private key

### publicKeyHash

Returns public key hash for this key

Returns **[string][2]** The public key hash for this key

### secretKey

Returns the secret key

Returns **[string][2]** The secret key associated with this key, if available

### sign

Sign a raw sequence of bytes

#### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[string][2]** Sequence of bytes, raw format or hexadecimal notation
-   `watermark` **[Uint8Array][4]** The watermark bytes

Returns **[Promise][5]** The signature object

### verify

Verify signature, throw error if it is not valid

#### Parameters

-   `bytes` **[string][2]** Sequance of bytes, raw format or hexadecimal notation
-   `signature` **[string][2]** A signature in base58 encoding
-   `publicKey`   (optional, default `this.publicKey()`)

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise
