docs/ledger.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## getAddress

Get the public key and public key hash from the ledger

### Parameters

-   `ledgerParams` **[Object][1]** The parameters of the getAddress function (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `ledgerParams.path` **[string][2]** The ledger path (optional, default `44'/1729'/0'/0'`)
    -   `ledgerParams.displayConfirm` **[boolean][3]** Whether to display a confirmation the ledger (optional, default `false`)
    -   `ledgerParams.curve` **[number][4]** The value which defines the curve (0x00=tz1, 0x01=tz2, 0x02=tz3) (optional, default `0x00`)

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.getAddress({
  path = "44'/1729'/0'/0'",
  displayConfirm = true,
  curve = 0x00,
}).then(({ address, publicKey }) => console.log(address, publicKey));
```

Returns **[Promise][5]** The public key and public key hash

## getVersion

Show the version of the ledger

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.getVersion()
  .then(({ major, minor, patch, bakingApp }) => console.log(major, minor, patch, bakingApp));
```

Returns **[Promise][5]** The version info

## signOperation

Sign an operation with the ledger

### Parameters

-   `ledgerParams` **[Object][1]** The parameters of the signOperation function
    -   `ledgerParams.path` **[string][2]** The ledger path (optional, default `44'/1729'/0'/0'`)
    -   `ledgerParams.rawTxHex` **[boolean][3]** The transaction hex for the ledger to sign
    -   `ledgerParams.curve` **[number][4]** The value which defines the curve (0x00=tz1, 0x01=tz2, 0x02=tz3) (optional, default `0x00`)
    -   `ledgerParams.magicBytes` **[Uint8Array][6]** The magic bytes for the operation (optional, default `'03'`)

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.signOperation({
  path = "44'/1729'/0'/0'",
  rawTxHex,
  curve = 0x00,
}).then((signature) => console.log(signature));
```

Returns **[Promise][5]** The signed operation

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array

Commit message:

The update with Delphi and Contracts (#68)
* Add dalphanet protocol for testing

* 0.8.0-beta.0

* Add Delphi protocol for testing

* Add Delphi protocol, add contract abstraction

* Require Ledger Transport to be provided when importing ledger

* 0.8.0-beta.1

* Use ts-jest for tests

* Test Node 14

* 0.8.0-beta.2

* Use isomorphic-fetch; Remove unnecessary types

* 0.8.0-beta.3

* Add pre-commit/push hooks

* Update query

docs/ledger.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## getAddress

Get the public key and public key hash from the ledger

### Parameters

-   `_a`  
-   `ledgerParams` **[Object][1]** The parameters of the getAddress function
    -   `ledgerParams.transport` **[Object][1]** The ledger transport to interface with
    -   `ledgerParams.path` **[string][2]** The ledger path (optional, default `44'/1729'/0'/0'`)
    -   `ledgerParams.displayConfirm` **[boolean][3]** Whether to display a confirmation the ledger (optional, default `false`)
    -   `ledgerParams.curve` **[string][2]** The value which defines the curve (tz1=0x00, tz2=0x01, tz3=0x02) (optional, default `tz1`)

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.getAddress({
  transport: LedgerTransport,
  path = "44'/1729'/0'/0'",
  displayConfirm = true,
  curve = 'tz1',
}).then(({ address, publicKey }) => console.log(address, publicKey));
```

Returns **[Promise][4]** The public key and public key hash

## getVersion

Show the version of the ledger

### Parameters

-   `transport` **LedgerTransport** The parameters of the signOperation function

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.getVersion()
  .then(({ major, minor, patch, bakingApp }) => console.log(major, minor, patch, bakingApp));
```

Returns **[Promise][4]** The version info

## signOperation

Sign an operation with the ledger

### Parameters

-   `_a`  
-   `ledgerParams` **[Object][1]** The parameters of the signOperation function
    -   `ledgerParams.transport` **[Object][1]** The ledger transport to interface with
    -   `ledgerParams.path` **[string][2]** The ledger path (optional, default `44'/1729'/0'/0'`)
    -   `ledgerParams.rawTxHex` **[boolean][3]** The transaction hex for the ledger to sign
    -   `ledgerParams.curve` **[string][2]** The value which defines the curve (tz1=0x00, tz2=0x01, tz3=0x02) (optional, default `tz1`)
    -   `ledgerParams.magicBytes` **[Uint8Array][5]** The magic bytes for the operation (optional, default `'03'`)

### Examples

```javascript
ledger.signOperation({
  path = "44'/1729'/0'/0'",
  rawTxHex,
  curve = 'tz1',
}).then((signature) => console.log(signature));
```

Returns **[Promise][4]** The signed operation

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array
